Follow Dad.
Let him die. The location is also what you can do.
Turn it aside. Follow Dad.
this. This is the location of the Divine Land and the Four War Kings.
You deserve to sit here too.
Seeking death. You must take good care of this person.
This person broke the master plan of God and Earth.
I. What's going on.
How could Xiaoyu come to the stage the most?
Could it have been some time ago?
Because Xiaoyu rejected Lord Shendi.
Lord Kamichi asked him to come on stage. You should be cruel to him.
Just go if you are asked to go
Do you still remember that women cannot be protected?
Is there some misunderstanding with Mr. Shen Li?
If Mr. Shen Li wants to blame the right person,